{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Objective:
\b0 \
\

\b Tagline:
\b0 \
A healthcare consulting company\

\b \
Bio:
\b0 \
Mr. Thomas Martin is a tenured executive with over 25 years of experience in pharmacy, home infusion therapy and sleep. Mr. Martin specializes in acquisitions in specialty pharmacy and home infusion, and is currently the Owner of Buffalo Mountain Consulting. Previously, he was the President at American Sleep Medicine, running a national network of sleep diagnostic clinics and continues to act as a consultant to American Sleep Medicine. Prior to working in Sleep, he was the President at Critical Care Systems, a national home infusion provider owned by Accredo/Medco (now Express Scripts), with over 40 pharmacy locations across the country. Accredo Health Group is a specialty pharmacy delivering complex therapies to patients in their home. Mr. Martin served on the companies executive committee and oversaw the company operations for the western US. In addition, he also identified and led the acquisitions of new companies. While at Option Care, (now Walgreens) a home infusion provider, Mr. Martin was responsible for a national network of over 140 franchised locations delivering pharmacy, durable medical equipment (DME) and nursing services to home patients. At Caremark and Coram, Mr. Martin managed a home infusion center in Houston. He also served on the National Home Infusion Association (NHIA) board of directors 2008-2010, the national trade association for the home infusion industry.}